Update the installation description with regards to config files (#294)
owncloud/docs-client-desktop: modules/ROOT/pages/installing.adoc

macOS::
* macOS 10.12+

> ** x86-64 or Apple M in Rosetta 2 emulation; unsupported legacy builds for macOS 10.10 & 10.11 available

Reviewer: macOS naming started with 10.12 (see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MacOS#Release_history)

NOTE: For Linux distributions, we support, if technically feasible, the latest 2 versions per platform and the previous Ubuntu {ubuntu-lts-url}[LTS].

=== Configuration Files

> Independent on the type of physical installation, a configuration file will be created when the app is started for the first time. The location of the configuration file is described in the xref:advanced_usage/configuration_file.adoc[Configuration File] documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Regardless of the type of physical installation, a configuration file will be created when the app is started for the first time. The location of the configuration file is described in the xref:advanced_usage/configuration_file.adoc[Configuration File] documentation.
```

* When deleting an existing configuration file, no data synced locally will be deleted, but the app will start the xref:installation-wizard[Installation Wizard] and you have to configure again.

* On Linux, when changing the deployment method like from native to AppImage, you can reuse an existing configuration file without changes.

> * If you want to re-deploy from scratch, you can safely delete the configuration file if one exists. In such a case, check for existing sync folders which may need to be deleted too.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If you want to deploy from scratch again, you can safely delete the configuration file if one exists. In such a case, check for existing sync folders which may need to be deleted too.
```
